Added exit/log if initial peers are invalid (#1703)
openmina/openmina: CHANGELOG.md

  Dashboard, documenting all endpoints and specific data fields used by the
  frontend ([#1566](https://github.com/o1-labs/mina-rust/issues/1566))

> - **FEATURE**: Add logging if initial peers are invalid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature**: Add logging if an initial peer is invalid
```

FEATURE -> Feature: there is no need to capitalize the word.
Plural -> singular: one initial peer is enough to have a log.
